Update JSON options examples (#26996)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/min-web-api.md

- No support for [JsonPatch](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch/)
- No support for [OData](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OData/)
- No support for [ApiVersioning](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Versioning/). See [this issue](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnet-api-versioning/issues/751) for more details.

## Configure JSON serialization options

The following example invokes `ConfigureHttpJsonOptions` to configure options that apply wherever the app serializes or deserializes JSON for HTTP requests and responses:

[!code-csharp[](min-web-api/samples/7.x/WebMinJson/Program.cs?name=snippet_1)]

> Options that you specify by using `ConfigureHttpJsonOptions` will apply whenever your app calls extension methods defined in <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResponseJsonExtensions> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpRequestJsonExtensions>.

Author: @captainsafia The name change from ConfigureRouteHandlerJsonOptions to ConfigureHttpJsonOptions doesn't seem to be in the latest preview yet.

Reviewer: @tdykstra They should be in the RC1 that got release today.

Author: Confirmed, thanks.

To make more localized changes to the serialization options, you can pass modified versions of <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions> directly into the responses that are being sent from your endpoint, as shown in the following example:

[!code-csharp[](min-web-api/samples/7.x/WebMinJson/Program.cs?name=snippet_2)]

> The preceding code uses [web defaults](/dotnet/standard/serialization/system-text-json-configure-options#web-defaults-for-jsonserializeroptions), which converts property names to camel case.

Author: ```suggestion
```

- No support for [JsonPatch](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch/)
- No support for [OData](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OData/)
- No support for [ApiVersioning](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Versioning/). See [this issue](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnet-api-versioning/issues/751) for more details.

## Configure JSON serialization options

> The following example invokes `ConfigureHttpJsonOptions` to configure options that apply wherever the app serializes or deserializes JSON for HTTP requests and responses:

Reviewer 2: I put in a work order to generate the RC1 APIs, but until then use source.dot.net

[!code-csharp[](min-web-api/samples/7.x/WebMinJson/Program.cs?name=snippet_1)]

> Options that you specify by using `ConfigureHttpJsonOptions` will apply whenever your app calls extension methods defined in <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResponseJsonExtensions> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpRequestJsonExtensions>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ConfigureHttpJsonOptions` options apply when the app calls extension methods defined in <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResponseJsonExtensions> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpRequestJsonExtensions>.
```

> To make more localized changes to the serialization options, you can pass modified versions of <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions> directly into the responses that are being sent from your endpoint, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make more localized changes to the serialization options, pass modified versions of <xref:System.Text.Json.JsonSerializerOptions> directly into the responses that are being sent from the endpoint, as shown in the following example:
```
